# AyeShortcodes
Helpful shortcodes with clean design, also a companion plugin for all themes available at AyeLabs. Build with developers and performance in mind.

## Shortcodes available

## Integrate AyeShortcodes with your theme
AyeShortcodes it's a plugin developed with flexibility in mind. Besides the basic shortcode manager, it comes with a small assets dependecy manager that will allow you, as a developer, to manage the assets loaded on the website ( both from plugin and theme ). This will optimize the page and avoid loading it with unused/duplicate assets. The following code will help you setup your theme to be compatible with this plugin, follow the code comments

	// Check if AyeShortcodes plugin exists
	if(class_exists('\Aye\Shortcodes\Core')) {
		
		// Tell AyeShortcode plugin that you use the theme mode
		add_filter('aye_shortcodes_theme_mode', '__return_true');
		
		// Access core class, if you don't need it you can delete it
		global $aye_shortcodes;
		
		// Let the plugin know all the shortcodes your theme is compatible with
		add_filter('aye_shortcodes_available_filter', function($array) {
			return array('column', 'label');
		});
		
		// Exclude assets from plugin if they are already bundled in the theme ( ex. Exclude 'bootstrap-columns' beacause you theme already use bootstrap ).
		add_filter('aye_shortcodes_style_assets', function($array) {
			return array('bootstrap-columns');
		});
		
	}


## F.A.Q

**How to install AyeShortcodes plugin?**
a) Upload 'ayeshortcodes' to the '/wp-content/plugins/' directory. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress

**How can i integrate the plugin with my theme design?**
First, be sure you manage the assets and declare compatibility with our plugin and shortcodes in your theme. See the markup generated by each shortcode on /assets/dev/markup.html. See "Integrate AyeShortcodes with your theme" step for more details.

## Requirements
- PHP 5.3
- WordPress > 3.x

## Change Log
